Promise against you
Mom, please show some respect.
Am I wrong?
Your mother died saving your life
The old lady is also because you fell on a rock
No one mom
How did you know grandma hit the rock?
Isn't that place also based on kindness?
Butler Lu told me
He wasn't there.
Mom, what have you done?
What nonsense are you talking about?
I think you're crazy!
I'm going to tell the depth of field
I'm going to ask him to check
You shut up
You killed Yunzuo's child
Feel guilty
Saying this on purpose to confuse the public
If you have no evidence
I will accuse you of framing
Mom, when you bite me a murderer
Have you ever thought that would be a false accusation for me as well?
Ok, the depth of field is not there.
You're yelling at me now
You are going to the hospital with me now
I want Jing Shen to see your wicked face
Okay, I'll hum with you.
cautious
You must avenge our children
Never let go of nonsense
This bowl of soup has 5 buddies
Why are you protecting him?
That night he was just him and the bastard
Fear only him
You calm down first
Tell me about it.
I promise you I will find out about this.
But before that
Let me ask you something.
That child is mine